readme.md, before:

Description
------------------

Buffer Scroll is a simple [Sublime Text](http://www.sublimetext.com/ ) plug-in which remembers and restores the scroll, cursor positions, also the selections, marks, bookmarks, foldings, selected syntax and optionally the color scheme.

Also, via preferences, allows to enable syncing of scroll, bookmarks, marks and folds between cloned views.

Syncing features are disabled by default. You need to enable these via the preferences. Main menu -> Preferences -> Package Settings -> BufferScroll -> Settings Default.
You may want to copy and paste your edited preferences to "Settings Users" located under the same sub-menu. To keep your preferences between updates.

Requested by Kensai this package now provides "typewriter scrolling":  The line you work with is automatically the vertical center of the screen.

<img src="http://dl.dropbox.com/u/9303546/SublimeText/BufferScoll/sync-scroll.png" border="0"/>

Installation
------------------

Install this repository via "Package Control" http://wbond.net/sublime_packages/package_control

Source-code
------------------

https://github.com/SublimeText/BufferScroll

Bugs
------------------

For some reason sublime API is not restoring scroll of xml/html documents, including: xml, tpl, html, xhtml
See and vote: http://www.sublimetext.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=3&t=6237&start=0

Forum Thread
------------------

http://www.sublimetext.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=3503

License
------------------

See license.txt

Commit message:

Squashed 'Packages/BufferScroll/' changes from 0bb90eb..528b3ba
528b3ba Change clone detection logic
25db8de Hacks more hacks
f58b385 Remove debug code
e86a3f1 Syntax specific settings
64edcb1 Another frustrating API bug
1f8c4d5 Fix data dir no exists at start
9856f37 Reword my poor english
ad11a28 Forget to add the logic of a preference
728303f Remove old code, add support for ST3

git-subtree-dir: Packages/BufferScroll
git-subtree-split: 528b3ba9eddc18ae9457d3ca77e33ca33ef0cd89

readme.md, after:

# Description

Buffer Scroll is a simple [Sublime Text](http://www.sublimetext.com/ ) plug-in which remembers and restores the scroll, cursor positions, also the selections, marks, bookmarks, foldings, selected syntax and optionally the colour scheme, when you open a file. Will also remember different data depending the position of the file in the application (example file1 in window1 has scroll line 30, file1 in window2 has scroll in line 40)

Also, via preferences, allows to enable syncing of scroll, bookmarks, marks and folds between cloned views, live.

Syncing features are disabled by default. You need to enable these via the preferences. Main menu -> Preferences -> Package Settings -> BufferScroll -> Settings Default.
You may want to copy and paste your edited preferences to "Settings Users" located under the same sub-menu. To keep your preferences between updates.

Requested by Kensai this package now provides "typewriter scrolling":  The line you work with is automatically the vertical center of the screen.

There is also a hidden feature "refold", if you unfolded code, you can select "refold" from the command palette. This will only work of course if you don't touch the code between the unfold and refold.

<img src="http://dl.dropbox.com/u/9303546/SublimeText/BufferScoll/sync-scroll.png" border="0"/>

# Installation

Install this repository via "Package Control" http://wbond.net/sublime_packages/package_control

For different version of ST see the git branches.

# Source-code

https://github.com/SublimeText/BufferScroll

# Bugs

 * The application does not have an event listener for when you swtich, open or close projects, and windows, then this package can't save the data for the focused files. By not providing these listeners, this package has suboptimal methods for saving it's data. Such listening change of views, focus lost, file closing, saving, etc.
 * For some reason sublime API is not restoring scroll of xml/html documents, including: xml, tpl, html, xhtml See: http://www.sublimetext.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=3&t=6237&start=0 Also this will and is causing problems for these that use the build screeen with F4. Also, is causing another problem, that you can't request to sublime to open a file at a given row, because this plugin will overwrite the scrolled line. http://www.sublimetext.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=3503&start=20#p22324
 * There is no event listener for when a view is scrolled, then this package, has another suboptimal way of listening for changes of scroll, such tracking the scroll every x time.


# Forum Thread

http://www.sublimetext.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=3503

# License

See license.txt
